Name: Jinhui Zhang
Email: jinhzhan@indiana.edu
3. Describe one problem in its performance revealed by your exchange and why you think it occurs. Sketch (at a very high level) how you believe the system’s methods or knowledge would need to be changed to fix the problem.

My answer: When I ask questions based on the last sentence, it often cannot give me the right answer. At least its answer is not for my question. In my view, it should be lack of some mechanisms for remembering context we've talked about. I think the system should add a memory mechanism to store what we just said. 

4. "Surely computers cannot be intelligent---they can only do what their programmers tell them."  Is the latter statement true (why, or why not), and does it imply the former?  Justify your answer.  (From Russell & Norvig)

My answer: I think the latter statement is true. In coders' view, computers cannot generate codes automatically. What they can do is to execute the command input by their programmers. However, the latter statement doesn't imply the former. Actually, computers can be intelligent. For example, programmers can write an algorithm to train the computers to recognize the hand-written characters, or to segment the foreground and the background of a photo, just like human doing it. But all those intelligence comes from programmers' code. So I don't think the latter implies the former is true. 

5. Write down a reasonable number to answer the question “in all, roughly how many watermelons are consumed each summer in Bloomington, IN?”  Briefly sketch how you determined your answer.  What would an AI system need in order to do this type of reasoning, assuming it already had the ability to do Web searches and to understand natural language?  What would it need to know and to be able to do?

My answer: My answer is 200,000. According to the statistical data from wikipedia, there are about 80,000 residents in Bloomington, and about 40,000 of them are students. When summer, it is also the summer vacation, assume about half of these students are not in Bloomington. So there are about 60,000 persons in summer. Each one can consume 3 to 4 watermelons in summer(I'm not sure, just based on the approximate number in my hometown, in which the climate is close to that in Bloomington). So I think the number should be 200,000. For an AI system, the data of population, the weathers during the 3 months, and more importantly, the market situation if it can be obtained are needed. What the system need to do is to collect watermelon consuming informations from all around the country. And according the 3 features above or more, to get a reasonable calculation process. Then based on the data from Bloomington, the system can answer how many watermelons are consumed. 