Using the provided sample problems file or other problems, perform experiments to compare speed of uninformed and informed search methods. This should be based on your ideas for what type of information would be most informative.  What corresponds to “problem difficulty” for this domain?  Write a short sketch of your experimental setup and provide sample quantitative results.  Discuss the effects of informed search on (1) speed (2) on the maximum difficulty of problems it is practical for your system to solve, comparing the benefits of the two heuristics.
MY ANSWER: I tested my uninformed search and informed search using some sample problems, and obtained the elapsed time for each problem getting solved. Then compare them under uninformed search and informed search. The experimental results are in file jinhzhan-graphs.pdf. The problem difficulty, in my view, should be the elapsed time for an initial state to get to the goal state and the number of steps we should move. According to the experimental results, the speed of informed search is mainly based on the heuristic function. In h1(N), I use the number of misplaced tiles and in h2(N), I write a function by my own, that is the sum of substractions of tiles in the state we are checking and tiles in goal state. For simple problems, the h2 runs faster and for complex problems, the h2 runs slower. The h2 I chosed is not good enough. The maximum difficulty of problems is to find a proper heuristic funciton. Problems are different. So the denotation of distance from initial state to goal state varies. For example, in shortest-path-like problem, the distance is the length of straight line from the current state to goal. And in 8-puzzle problem, we need to define like Manhattan distance to denote the heuristic funciton. The h1(N) can count the number of misplaced tiles. It need less calculation but cannot show us how far a tile is from where it should be. For h2(N), the farther a tile is from its correct position, the larger the substraction is. However, each time we need to do nine times substraction and add them up. And in some case like (1, 2, 4, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 'blank'), the h2 function just gives it a small value but actually it need several more steps to get to goal state. 
